Add `org.opencontainers.image.source.subpath` (#1062)
opencontainers/image-spec: annotations.md

> * **org.opencontainers.image.url** URL to find more information on the image (string)

Reviewer: thank you

* **org.opencontainers.image.documentation** URL to get documentation on the image (string)
* **org.opencontainers.image.source** URL to get source code for building the image (string)

> * **org.opencontainers.image.source.subpath** A tool-specific path within the `source` repository which be used to distinguish different build targets in the same source repository

Reviewer 2: A tool-specific path should be just a third party annotation with their reversed-domain prefix

Reviewer 2: And probably it doesn’t need to be a tool-specific:

```suggestion
* **org.opencontainers.image.source.subpath** A relative path within the `source` repository which be used to distinguish different build targets in the same source repository. The path separator MUST be `slash`. The path MUST NOT contain “..” (upper dir) component.
```

Author: Does the path separator need to be `/` even on Windows systems (genuinely don't know enough to answer here).
